customer service
Is anyone else going at home recently?
There is a batch in the morning.
Not after that.
Then I'd better go home and stay overnight.
It's just been checked now. It should be safe
What was I delusional about?
That's just his game
And I was so ridiculously successful.
He deserved it.
I was so respectful before and framed you
Deserves to be left alone now
No one cares what happened to him.
Does it have anything to do with me?
Southern New Town
I quarreled with my partner
Want me to say it's really fate with you two
Last time he took you to the hospital in my car
Now it turns around and pulls you
Last time I went to the hospital
Yeah, not long ago
Over a month ago
You look delirious
The little girl said you were drugged
You're going to kiss the little girl
Beaten
You little young man
Really bold
Haha, I'm sure he didn't admit it wrong last time.
Your little brother is so funny
Don't you know who you are with?
That girl is so beautiful
It's hard to say you're wrong.
Yan Nanheng